Migrate the contents of TLS.md into README.md (#927)
valkey-io/valkey: README.md

Running Valkey with TLS:
------------------

### Running manually
To manually run a Valkey server with TLS mode (assuming `./gen-test-certs.sh` was invoked so sample certificates/keys are available):

* TLS built-in mode:
    ```
    ./src/valkey-server --tls-port 6379 --port 0 \
        --tls-cert-file ./tests/tls/valkey.crt \
        --tls-key-file ./tests/tls/valkey.key \
        --tls-ca-cert-file ./tests/tls/ca.crt
    ```

* TLS module mode:
    ```
    ./src/valkey-server --tls-port 6379 --port 0 \
        --tls-cert-file ./tests/tls/valkey.crt \
        --tls-key-file ./tests/tls/valkey.key \
        --tls-ca-cert-file ./tests/tls/ca.crt \
        --loadmodule src/valkey-tls.so
    ```

Note that you can disable TCP by specifying `--port 0` explicitly.
It's also possible to have both TCP and TLS available at the same time,
but you'll have to assign different ports.

Use `valkey-cli` to connect to the Valkey server:
```
./src/valkey-cli --tls \
    --cert ./tests/tls/valkey.crt \
    --key ./tests/tls/valkey.key \
    --cacert ./tests/tls/ca.crt
```

> Specifying `--tls-replication yes` can make a Replica connect to the master.
> Using `--tls-cluster yes` to make Valkey Cluster use TLS across nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying `--tls-replication yes` makes a replica connect to the primary.

Using `--tls-cluster yes` makes Valkey Cluster use TLS across nodes.
```

> 
> #### TLS Connections
> All socket operations now use a connection abstraction layer, concealing I/O and event handling from the caller.
> 
> Multi-threaded I/O isn't supported for TLS because it requires unique handling of AE events, which isn't thread-safe. A better approach might involve managing independent AE loops for I/O threads and associating connections with threads long-term, potentially improving performance.
> 
> Currently, synchronize I/O for TLS is implemented in a hackish way, involving blocking sockets and socket-level timeouts, leading to potential inaccuracies and syscall overhead. Transitioning entirely to pure async I/O may be a better solution, especially for replication. Although cluster keys migration could be more challenging, it presents an opportunity for improvement.
> 
> #### TLS Multi-port support
> Consider the implications of allowing TLS to be configured on a separate port, making Valkey listening on multiple ports:
> 
> 1. Startup banner port notification
> 2. Proctitle
> 3. How slaves announce themselves
> 4. Cluster bus port calculation

Reviewer: Threaded I/O now supports TLS, so this is outdated. The other internals don't need to be in the README. I believe it's mostly outdated or irrelevant and the relevant information can be found in the source code, including code comments.

TLS multi-port section is outdated. All of this is solved.

So let's delete this.

```suggestion
```
